R'kotsu Nesu
Son of Fujiyoshi and Mai Nesu, younger brother of Kaya Nesu.
They were born and raised in Hiyosai. A small city that sat on the edge of the Okaiyo Ocean. Hiyosai is the city that serves as the capital of the Hiyosai Province of Minkai. Hiyosai Province is known as "the eastern treasury of Minkai" due to the rich copper mines that sit to the south of the city of Hiyosai. Thus it has always sat in favor of the Shongate Family of Akafuto.

The Black Lotus: Famous for physical prowess as well as their poisoners, they practiced the arts of Stealth, Subterfuge, and Assassination while outwardly boasting that their abilities have shown far brighter than those of any other Clan. Particularly for their abilities to undermine even those Clans far better versed in the ways of Magic, claiming they were weak for using Magic as a crutch instead of properly planning and tactics. 
Lately, though, the one rivalry the Black Lotus clan does bitterly carry is with the Ruby Crypt, who use dark magic to pry secrets from the dead and even resurrect victims of Black Lotus attacks, the latter acts often undermine the Black Lotus’s reputation for effective assassination. With their magic, ninjas of the Ruby Crypt have begun to prove that even the most potent venom can be reversed, and their dealings often reveal the Black Lotus’s stubbornness with magic to be a crucial failing...

Main Antagonist: Soto Takahiro, Male, Tiefling (Human-Oni) 
Soto could pass for human. Tan Skin (reddish tint to it), very small nub horns at the base of his hairline, always covered by a headband. No other signs of his devil bloodline! He wears his black hair pulled back into a traditional Japanese Bun. 

Antagonist's Advisor: Anamurumon, Oni-Devil (one of the last of the Saumen Kar Oni)
Ainamuuren is a large, muscular, horned humanoid covered in thick white furs. Unlike others of his kind, Ainamuuren has four, instead of two horns. His dark skin and magical greataxe are both inscribed with intricate markings, focusing on angular lines and triangles.

For many decades Anamurumon led a Ninja Clan called The Ruby Crypt, a faction of Ninja/Assassins specializing in Necromancy and dark magical arts. They have always coveted the throne of the Shogunate and in recent years have begun making ground in taking the Castle. Due to a pact with his god, Anamurumon could not directly take the throne via his own hands nor could he sit on the throne if offered/acquired. His fortunes turned when his daughter gave birth to a Tiefling boy who save for his two small nub horns, could easily pass for human! Upon seeing this sight, Anamurumon killed his daughter and decided to raise the boy for himself. 

In the year 4699AR on the eve of Kaya's 13th birthday, the day she would come of age and finally venture out on her first mission with the other members of her Clan and be seen as worthy to earn her place in the coming years as an adult, was also coincidentally the day of Soto Takahiro's 18th birthday. Anamurumon led The Red Crypt on a deadly coup at the Akafuto's estate where Shogun Shigure and most of his Black Lotus guards were killed. Unable to take the throne for himself, Anamurumon declared his grandson Soto as Shogun! Takahiro's first decree was to hunt down the remaining members of the Black Lotus and have them publically executed. Fortunately for the Nesu family, Fujiyoshi was a master tactician and planner. Praying the day would never come, but planning as if it was tomorrow. He'd made prior plans with one of the Okaiyo Harbor Masters that a small ship always be stocked and ready to leave a moment's notice.
